1. On clicking a button display a image in the DOM only after 10 seconds.

2. Create a prompt that accepts user age and display it in the alert box.Prompt should take a default value if no input is provided.

3. Create a confirm window 

      a).clicking OK should display one image 
      b). clicking CANCEL should display another image

4. Create a Object with properties fullname and lastname. Create getter and setter function for the object. 

      a).getter should display the current fname and lname.
      b).setter should assign new values to fname and lname.
      
5. Create a html page which can capture the mouse events on the page. You should have a <p></p> tag displaying the current mouse action.

    a) click – when the mouse clicks on an element (touchscreen devices generate it on a tap).
    b) contextmenu – when the mouse right-clicks on an element.
    c) mouseover / mouseout – when the mouse cursor comes over / leaves an element.
    d) mousedown / mouseup – when the mouse button is pressed / released over an element.
    e) mousemove – when the mouse is moved.
    
6. Create a html page which can capture the form element events on the webpage.You should have a <p></p> tag displaying the current form action action.

    a) submit – when the visitor submits a <form>.
    b) focus – when the visitor focuses on an element, e.g. on an <input>.
    c) keydown and keyup – when the user presses and then releases the button.
    
7. Example webpage to showcase cookie,session storage and local storage.

8. Example website which uses try,catch and throw in the JS implementation.

9. Array operations.

  a.Create an array styles with items “HP” and “HPE”.
  b.Append “EIT” to the end.
  c.Replace the value in the middle by “DXC”. Your code for finding the middle value should work for any arrays with odd length.
  d.Strip off the first value of the array and show it.
  e.Prepend HP and HPE to the array.
  f.The array in the process:

expected output:
  HP, HPE  
  HP, HPE, EIT
  HP, DXC, EIT
  DXC, EIT
  HP, HPE , DXC, EIT

10. Array iteration.

  Create a numeric array of 15 indexes.
  
  a).Use all the available conditional and iteration loops to print the sum of all elements in the array
  b). Find the least element and the greatest element in the array.
  c). Sort the elements in the array asc and dec order.
  
  Note: No inbuild function should be used.
  
  
